---
title: Week 40 In the Year of our Lord, 2025
description: Weeknotes for the 40th Week of the year 2025
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
published: Sun, 12 Oct 2025 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2025-10-12T10:00+05:30
og:
  title: Week 40 In the Year of our Lord, 2025
  description: >-
    Had a heavy debugging session at work with the help of Claude Code (Without
    divulging more, it was a race condition leading to connection leaks and
    eventual resource exhaustion). Turns out the clanker is an effective tool at
    grokking vast amount of code and logs and finding things that are out of the
    ordinary. Most people however fall into a binary of this software is useless
    or literal god incarnate. Terribly unfortunate.
---

# Heavy Week

-   Had a heavy debugging session at work with the help of Claude Code (Without divulging more, it was a race condition leading to connection leaks and eventual resource exhaustion). Turns out the clanker is an effective tool at grokking vast amount of code and logs and finding things that are out of the ordinary. Most people however fall into a binary of this software is useless or literal god incarnate. Terribly unfortunate.

-   Experienced the [wisdom of <span lang="hi">आमिर खान</span>, and the virtues of patience espoused at the 30s mark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUOII0oyfe8) (I hope to god the link never gets taken down) firsthand as I applied his excellent idea of

    > <span lang="hi">“ज़िंदगी में तीन चीज़ों के पीछे नहीं भागना चाहिए...”</span>

    Said three things being a bus, train and love. Turns out _waiting for the next empty bus = peace of mind on the journey_

-   I started reading this really great book _The Demon Haunted World_ by Carl Sagan, a HackerNews recommendation to be fair, and I am all the more thankful for it. However it leaves with a profound sense of grief, seeing a strange apathy towards science from those around me. Perhaps that is a curse of knowledge.

-   After attempting (unsuccessfully) for quite some time, I managed to extricate myself from my workplace at a healthy time today, however it seems the gods would not have it as they endeavoured to pour a rather rowdy rabble of thunderous torrents upon my route. Massive kudos to the random office cab guy who dropped me in these capricious conditions.
