---
title: Week 24 In the Year of our Lord, 2026
description: It has been a long long time.
published: Sun, 21 Jun 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-06-21T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

This is my first weeknote after a long long pause. I am not quite sure what I should include, nor do I have a complete recall of what has transpired in the past. One of my friends visited Bangalore for his internship and we caught up after quite some time. As a responsible Bangalorean, I undertook the responsibility to introduce him to my favourite Ramen spots in the city. I can say with great civic pride that I did this duty diligently.

I also found some time, over an interleaving weekend to attend a mock trial organised by [TAQS](https://www.instagram.com/theaveragequeerspace) and [CSGMR](https://www.instagram.com/csgmr_karnataka) in Ulsoor. It was a fun experience, I met a lot of new people, learnt a lot about the LGBTQIA+ community. The subject of the mo ck trial was to understand the direction the community was headed in, and whether people felt that it was the right direction. I feel the community thrives on the basis of inclusion, and yet like all communities faces the same issue of overdoing it, making silos, and alienating members. Although given the complex and sometimes hostile social and political status of the community problems are often ignored, misunderstood, and ultimately compounded.

I am heading to IndieWebClub again after a very long hiatus. I hope I can find some motivation or inspiration to work on personal projects. LLMs and AI have sucked the joy of finding and discovering things at work for me so now I must turn to my personal projects to chase that high.

Traffic on the ORR this week has been nightmarish. Frequent jams caused by construction vehicles on different lanes on the carriageway, intern season across firms and WFO mandates have pushed the city infrastructure to quite the breaking point on the ORR. I don't think this is sustainable. In the long run, I have great faith in human ingenuity that Bangaloreans will converge on a solution to this problem.

It is Monsoon season in India, however this year is a tricky one. El Nino, combined with a weak to nonexistent Indian Ocean Dipole means that rains haven't been able to cross the Vindhyas, let alone the tropics into the crucial Indo Gangetic plains and the Himalayan foothills beyond. Unless serious steps are taken I am afraid we might see water scarcity and food inflation in India.

One of my flatmates will be moving out come August, going to Danemark, the salty sandy flatlands of Aarhus where he has enrolled in a masters program at the university there. I wish him all the best for his future endeavours.
