---
title: Week 28 In the Year of our Lord, 2026
description: Weeknotes for the 28th Week of the year 2026
published: Sun, 19 Jul 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-07-19T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# Chaos and Disorder

This week was - pretty much as expected - one of chaos and disorder. I have been having intense gum swelling on the gums at the back of my jaw forcing me to go to the dentist. The dentist's where I learn that I will need to have my wisdom tooth extracted for a permanent solution to my wisdom tooth problem. Well, no matter not like I was particularly wise to begin with so - as they say - no biggie. I did decline the offer instead opting for temporary relies with some gum cleaning and medication. 

I also had to take 5 interviews this week, some more disastrous than the other. The last one was utter garbage. The candidate was also dejected at the end where he failed to code a ToDo list application. Later, I felt like garbage for not ending the interview sooner.

We also are hosting visitors from another office this week, therefore there's more attendance than usual. I am not sure if that's a good thing. We did end up going to Burma-Burma where I drew upon my past experience and avoided anything that said Khow-Suey. I am familiar with having the unpleasant sensation of discovering some food isn't for me and did not wish for a repeat acquaintance.

I am also a part of the Emergency Team in office, which meant I had to volunteer once again for the training. We were taught fire fighting and first aid. I was once again made into the victim with tied bandages and fireman's lifts and whatnot.

I have been returning late from work this last week, this has meant a quiet erosion of my third space life. I am not sure which I like better, coming early but carrying work with me, or coming in late with no work.

# A New Section

It turns out, I messed up my last weeknote so I will ascribe to myself the punishment of continuing the weeknote in this very file. In reverse chronological order the first concern is to debug how did this entry come about. This should have been an earlier weeknote.

I ate some rants to my face about several things including my excessively verbose reporting skills which is apparently frowned upon in corporate. I think attention spans have detoriorated everywhere and it is considered a waste of time to write thoughtfully. Instead, we must ascribe to what amounts to Instagram reel version of text which is terse and to the point, and in my opinion decidedly unfriendly. We spent about 1 and half FTE day polishing up one page in a report. 

Traffic this week has been manageable, there is also an IndieWebClub session this weekend to look forward to.

Instagram has somewhat sucked me in, and I amassed a massive screen time on the app this week. Shorts/Reels and other short form cancer is addictive I have discovered much to my dismay.

I am trying to pick up Mandarin Chinese, so I can at least understand some of the text. The tones in the language are so far crushing me, and I have little beyond fleeting memory of how to write ban (the word for half).
