---
title: Weeknotes, Week 26 In the Year of our Lord, 2026
description: Ruminating on what weeknotes mean to me.
published: Sun, 05 Jul 2026 10:00:00 +0530
publishedISO: 2026-07-05T10:00+05:30
layout: weeknotes.njk
tags: weeknotes
---

# Weeknotes

This is a strange title for a weeknote admittedly. And this is also a departure from my usual format which is more bullet points than paragraphs. Lately I have been _very_ inconsistent with my weeknote documentation, admittedly like many other things, life happens. However, sometimes what happens possibly deserves introspection. I want to use this weeknote to reminisce about what happened in the past weeks, and why I paused, and maybe muse on what I want from weeknotes in the ✨ future ✨.

The past couple of weeks have been busy, I have had repeated run ins at work with some people leading to friction and undue stress. You many interpret this as my excess moralising biting me in the back, and perhaps you would be correct. Whatever the case may be there, it has earned me few friends and a lot of stress, and cost me a lot of time. Perhaps work is not a place to be moral, but these days it feels like it is clashing with being a good engineer. I find dismissal of good engineering tough to abide by.

I feel somewhat disconnected from my friends of late, I haven't spoken to some old friends in a while, which is somewhat sobering and like most sobering experiences. Pleasant, and unpleasant in equal measures. While I am afraid of losing friends, I find the isolation melancholy and independence empowering. 

I have also discovered some beautiful discography by [Kalandra](https://www.kalandra.no/). Ensom, Naive, Bardaginn, and their cover of Helvegen are all exceptional, although I don't understand Norwegian, my knowledge of English and German gives me the ability to understand the occasional word, and I find that enough.

I wanted to visit a beautiful Ramen place near my place, unfortunately my flatmate was late, and we missed our reservation and had to go to a much worse place. I had possibly the worst Ramen of my life. 0/10 will not visit again.

I have discovered the beautiful game that is [TimberBorn](https://mechanistry.com), and the world of [solarpunk](https://www.reddit.com/r/solarpunk). I am hopeful at the future, and disparaged at the present. Perhaps the future will be brighter, but the present is currently bleak. I am also moved by the [Hunger fast of Sonam Wangchuk in Delhi](https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/accountability-in-education-sonam-wangchuks-hunger-strike-enters-day-7-with-fresh-appeal-to-govt/articleshow/132173875.cms). India has a history of flirting with hunger as a weapon for government inadequacy. Although again I fear for the worst.

Coming back to weeknotes, maybe I am fueled by fear to write, the fear of what is something I do not know. Maybe I can counter it with my own very on brand recklessness which has served me well in the past. I am not sure what recklessness looks like on the web, and definitely what don't know what recklessness looks like when writing, but I am definitely willing to try it out.
